[20902] Documentation: SustainML-Library Nodes (#43)
eProsima/SustainML-Library: sustainml_docs/rst/developer_manual/architecture/backend/orchestrator.rst

The Orchestrator Node has three main resposibilities:

Manage nodes' lifecycle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

It is the application's ``Lifecycle Manager`` meaning that it controls the lifecycle of the rest of the nodes by sending control commands and receiving the feedback status.

Monitor tasks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each user task has an associated ``task_id``. The ``Orchestrator Node`` is in charge of generating a unique ``task_id`` and keeping track of the status of every initiated task, which allows for serving multiple tasks at a time.
The act of tracking a particular task, involves subscribing to all the intermediate data outputs from each of the :ref:`module_nodes` as well as always monitoring the node statuses to be able to react, for instance, in case that a ``module node`` is taking too much to respond, or simply, that enters in and error state.
Each of the ``task_ids`` along with the corresponding data, has a reserved storage within the orchestrator as it is explained next.

Host database
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``Orchestrator Node`` is where all the data reside. It can be considered similar to a ``Database``.

> All the data is indexed by a ``problem_id``.
> A ``probelm_id``, in turn, has a sorted vector of ``iteration_id`` where each element stores a single iteration for that problem.
> All the information is made available to the Front-end to be displayed so the user can receive online feedback on the status of each task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the data is indexed by the ``task_id``. Each ``task_id`` is a pair of ``problem_id`` and ``iteration_id``.
Meanwhile a ``problem_id`` is generated per user problem defined, and an ``iteration_id`` is generated per interaction during the optimization of the ``problem_id`` defined problem.
A ``problem_id``, in turn, has a sorted vector of ``iteration_id`` where each element stores a single iteration for that problem.
All the information is made available to the Front-end to be displayed so the user can receive online feedback on the status of each task.
```
